privacy.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy/
---

## Information we collect

This site uses Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager. These are used to analyze your usage behavior and the information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. This information is used to increase user experience.

### Ads by Google AdSense

This site uses Google AdSense to serve ads. Google AdSense themselves may serve ads from third parties. Both, Google AdSense and third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on prior visits to this or other websites. You may find further information about opting out of personalized ads by visiting [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info).

You can read more about how Google is storing and processing data at: [How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)

## Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

## Changes to this privacy policy

We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

## Your acceptance of these terms

By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.

## Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.

Introduced July 6th 2016

Commit message:

Added DISQUS to site and updated Privacy Policy

privacy.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy/
---

## Information we collect

This site uses Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager. These are used to analyze your usage behavior and the information is generally transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. This information is used to increase user experience.

### Ads by Google AdSense

This site uses Google AdSense to serve ads. Google AdSense themselves may serve ads from third parties. Both, Google AdSense and third party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on prior visits to this or other websites. You may find further information about opting out of personalized ads by visiting [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info).

You can read more about how Google is storing and processing data at: [How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/)

### Disqus

We use Disqus to enable user engagement on this blog.

Disqus uses cookies on all blog post pages which make use of the Disqus comment box. We do not have control about the cookies Disqus uses to track users, but the information collected is used to analyze your usage behavior and provide the Disqus service.

You can see [Disqus' Privacy Policy](https://help.disqus.com/customer/en/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy) for further details which you can also find at the bottom of every comment box.

## Sharing your personal information

We do not sell, trade, or rent users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.

## Changes to this privacy policy

We have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

## Your acceptance of these terms

By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes.

## Contacting us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.

Introduced July 6th 2016  
Last modified July 10th 2016
